if you guys are looking for a cheap an
instant source of ultimate team coins
check out UT coins for you down in the
description below also use the discount
code many at checkout for five percent
off yo what's going on guys many here
and states had 14 of many's minions now
in the last episode we did get no
upgrade so I'm gonna go straight into a
game this time I'm short of time cuz I
have to get back to revision because I
have an exam on tuesday and them yeah i
need to revise for it properly so on
this gonna be quite quick episode
hopefully you guys do appreciate this
though one yeah without further ado
let's play okay so we've got an old
silver team that we're coming up against
five stars killers galore can we beat
this team cut that out all done bail
diego oh oh you're not offside you know
side just chip that gaff bail gaffer oh
is that one no very nice very very nice
chip wow I haven't played fifa for two
days and that is the product of what I'm
taking a break from FIFA can do all my
days he's giving it away oh my we're in
trouble don't let the past get through
to him Courtois where are your hands oh
no Victor Sanchez bail bail your fruit
well shoot across go oh oh no no no come
on come on Kourt why we know where he's
going we know where he's going we know
ah top right ok that's the clean sheet
gone Benzema good scoop gaff bill I've
been tackled Ben's my place out wide to
Diego Diego's offside man friend oh my
days what you doing well done Sydney Oh
get rid just get rid oh oh you didn't
see that comment did you Oh benzema ah
keep going no he's been stopped in his
tracks Diego I'll play that cross
Griezmann Griezmann what is that
seriously what is that bail keep going
keep going keep going Benzema take that
on Benzema keep going across that bale
bale are no I screw don't come out qatar
qatar what great save thank you ping
that sanchez Sanchez's frou Sanchez
please you got scalded Sanchez Alexis
Sanchez who
goal who is that it's victor sanchez
victor sanchez finds karim benzema
Benzema gets fruit no no Diego what you
doing put a foot on it Ventre why has it
gone is that pen have we got a pen is
that pen all my days we've got a pen and
I don't even know how we go it let's see
this and that's how I got a pen no digo
black route back to go oh what a penalty
Diego take about if you can do that
celebration how'd you do it how to do it
okay it's not working just for over 21
days okay hello Diego ah ah ok pass it
Benzema Benzema ah tried to take a boss
keeper put it on Victor Sanchez oh happy
sliding enjoy the turf my friend Ben
tomorrow Oh ref ref that is a foul thank
you very much oh oh oh oh what school a
bit of luck there but that is a sick
free-kick if that went in straight away
out of been so happy very nice free kick
you did get a bit of luck and it still
counted as Garfield's goal so pretty
pleased with that bill with the corner
bend to my front post bend to my for one
very nice out of good delivery from Bell
and it's 41 Sanchez touch it down
Sanchez bail bail tried to go for the
hat trick and it's not quite worked out
ah that should be game over there there
it is for one to us a good win no clean
sheet unfortunately i'm not sure if we
got any other upgrades he didn't back
out so i'm quite sure that we didn't get
any upgrades but nevertheless it was a
good win and we played really well ok so
there you have it we won 4-1
unfortunately yet again no upgrades
which is kind of hindering our progress
i would like to get as many upgrades as
I can so I can move on to a different
league or a different kind of team so
yeah anyway hopefully you guys have
enjoyed watching this video if you have
drop it like if you haven't dislike
subscribe if you aren't already
subscribed and i'll talk to you guys in
a bit peace